Fclfp hardik (#463)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-java: feature_layers/feature-collection-layer-from-portal/README.md

# Feature Collection Layer From Portal

Create a feature collection layer from a portal item.

![Image of create feature collection layer portal item](FeatureCollectionLayerFromPortal.png)

## Use case

Feature collection layers are often used to hold features with mixed geometry or unstructured data. You can display feature collections stored in a Portal, which are often used for showing content from a CSV or map notes.

## How to use the sample

The feature collection is loaded from the Portal item when the sample starts. Enter the ID of a Portal item that holds a feature collection into the text field, and click on the button to see result.

## How it works

1. Create a `Portal`.
2. Create the `PortalItem`, referring to the portal and an item ID.
3. Verify that the item represents a feature collection.
4. Create a `FeatureCollection` from the item.
5. Create a `FeatureCollectionLayer`, referring to the feature collection.
6. Add the feature collection layer to the map's `OperationalLayers` collection.

## Relevant API

* FeatureCollection
* FeatureCollectionLayer
* Feature
* Portal

> * PortalItem

Reviewer: We're still missing the 'About the data' and 'Tags' sections here:
```suggestion
* PortalItem

## About the data

The sample uses a sample layer depicting [world populations](https://www.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=32798dfad17942858d5eef82ee802f0b).

## Tags

collection, feature collection, feature collection layer, id, item, map notes, portal

```

# Feature Collection Layer From Portal

> This sample demonstrates opening a feature collection saved as a portal item

Reviewer: We're trying to keep the readme as close to the common desing as possible, so I'd suggest sticking with the same short description as we have there:

```suggestion
Create a feature collection layer from a portal item.
```

> ![](FeatureCollectionLayerFromPortal.png)

Reviewer: We've been trying to populate the 'alt' text for the screenshot so it's consistent and accessible:

```suggestion
![Image of create feature collection layer portal item](FeatureCollectionLayerFromPortal.png)
```

## Use case

Feature collection layers are often used to hold features with mixed geometry or unstructured data. You can display feature collections stored in a Portal, which are often used for showing content from a CSV or map notes.

## How to use the sample

The feature collection is loaded from the Portal item when the sample starts. Enter feature collection saved as portal item in the text field

> and click on button to see result.

Reviewer: I don't think we need to manually break the lines here, as there's no official character limit per line.
I think we can also rephrase the instruction a tiny bit, because what we're really entering is the ID of the portal item. How about:
```suggestion
The feature collection is loaded from the Portal item when the sample starts. Enter the ID of a Portal item that holds a feature collection into the text field, and click on the button to see result.
```

## How it works

> To display a `FeatureCollection` as a `portal Item` on an `ArcGISMap` :

Reviewer: We've decided in the readme review process to gemerally not start these sections with a sentence such as 'To do X...', so we could just remove this.
```suggestion
```

1. Create a `Portal`.
2. Create the `PortalItem`, referring to the portal and an item ID.
3. Verify that the item represents a feature collection.
4. Create a `FeatureCollection` from the item.
5. Create a `FeatureCollectionLayer`, referring to the feature collection.
6. Add the feature collection layer to the map's `OperationalLayers` collection.

## Relevant API

* FeatureCollection
* FeatureCollectionLayer
* Feature
* Portal
* PortalItem

> 

Reviewer: The readme is missing the 'about the data' section and the 'tags' from the common design:

```suggestion

## About the data

The sample uses a sample layer depicting [world populations](https://www.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=32798dfad17942858d5eef82ee802f0b).

## Tags

collection, feature collection, feature collection layer, id, item, map notes, portal

```

# Feature Collection Layer From Portal

Create a feature collection layer from a portal item.

![Image of create feature collection layer portal item](FeatureCollectionLayerFromPortal.png)

## Use case

Feature collection layers are often used to hold features with mixed geometry or unstructured data. You can display feature collections stored in a Portal, which are often used for showing content from a CSV or map notes.

## How to use the sample

The feature collection is loaded from the Portal item when the sample starts. Enter the ID of a Portal item that holds a feature collection into the text field, and click on the button to see result.

## How it works

1. Create a `Portal`.
2. Create the `PortalItem`, referring to the portal and an item ID.
3. Verify that the item represents a feature collection.
4. Create a `FeatureCollection` from the item.
5. Create a `FeatureCollectionLayer`, referring to the feature collection.

> 6. Add the feature collection layer to the map's `OperationalLayers` collection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Add the feature collection layer to the map's operational layers collection.
```
